title      To All My Brothers I'll Declare
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       34
author     The Book of Psalms for Singing, 1973

status     header  tune  double  checked  lyrics

import     tunes/CREATION

verse      To     all  my    broth - ers   I'll   de  -  clare The   glo - ry
verse      For    He   has   not     de -  spised the    poor; He    has   not
verse      With - in   the   con  -  gre - ga  -  tion   great I     of -  fer
verse      All    ends of    earth,  re -  mem -  b'ring Him,  Shall turn  them -
verse      The    rich and   might - y     of     the    earth Shall eat   and
verse      A      seed shall rise    to    serve  His    will, And   to    the

verse      of      Your  ho   -   ly    name.   I'll praise You   where  the  peo - ple   meet.
verse      scorned their wretch - ed    state.  He   has    not   turned a -  way   His   face
verse      praise  You   have     sup - plied.  I'll pay    my    vows   with them  who   fear;
verse      selves  un -  to       the   LORD.   The  kin -  dreds of     the  na -  tions then
verse      low     be -  fore     Him   bend,   And  in     His   pres - ence all   shall bow
verse      age     it    shall    be    told    A -  bout   our   Lord;  then they  shall come

verse      Who  fear   the   LORD,   His    praise pro - claim;  All  sons     of
verse      From an  -  y  -  one     in     trou - ble   great.  When an   -   y
verse      The  meek   with  food    are    sat -  is -  fied.   Who  seek     the
verse      To   Him    their hom  -  age    shall  ac -  cord.   Be - cause    the
verse      Who  help - less  to      the    dust   de -  scend,  The  wretch - ed
verse      And  shall  His   right - eous - ness   un -  fold    Un - to       a

verse      Ja -  cob,  praise His  grace,  And  stand in    awe,   all   Is   -  rael's race.
verse      cried to    Him    in   grief,  He   heard his   prayer and   sent    re  -  lief.
verse      LORD  shall Him    a -  dore.   May  your  heart live   for - ev   -  er  -  more.
verse      LORD  the   king - dom  owns    And  rules a  -  bove   all   earth - ly     thrones.
verse      who,  al -  though they strive, Yet  can - not   keep   their souls   a   -  live.
verse      peo - ple   yet    un - known,  That this  was   done   by    Him     a   -  lone.