title      Rejoice Ye in the Lord, O Righteous
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       58
author     W. van der Kamp, 1972
author     William Helder, 1980
psalm      33

status     header  tune  checked  lyrics

import     tunes/DIEU NOUS SOIT DOUX ET FAVORABLE [RESVEILLLEZ VOUS, CHACUN FIDELE]

verse      Re - joice  ye    in     the LORD,    O      right - eous,
verse      He   by     His   word   has made     the    heav -  ens;
verse      God  brings to    naught the na   -   tions' coun -  sel;
verse      The  LORD   looks from   His heaven - ly     dwell - ing
verse      No   king   is    saved  by  his      great  ar   -  my;
verse      Our  soul   a  -  waits  the great    Re  -  deem -  er;

verse      And   let      a      new     song fill  the   air.
verse      Their host     ap  -  peared  by   His   de -  cree.
verse      He    frus  -  trates all     the  peo - ples' plans.
verse      And   He       be  -  holds   the  hu -  man   race;
verse      By    strength the    might - y    are   not   freed.
verse      Our   help     and    shield, Him  we    ac -  claim.

verse      Praise is     be - com  -  ing  to      the   up  -  right;
verse      He     gath - ered in      His  store - house cham - bers
verse      The    LORD   is   stead - fast in      His   pur -  pose;
verse      The    earth  and  all     its  pop  -  u  -  la  -  tion
verse      A      horse  of   war     will bring   no    vic -  t'ry;
verse      Our    hearts re - joice   in   Him     and   glo -  ry,

verse      With harp and   lyre  His  fame   de - clare.
verse      The  wa - ters  of    the  deep - est  sea.
verse      For  ev - er -  more  His  coun - sel  stands.
verse      He   sees from  that  ex - alt -  ed   place.
verse      In   vain the   war - rior trusts his  steed.
verse      For  we   trust in    His  ho  -  ly   Name.

verse      For     the   LORD  has   spo - ken   Words of  truth   un -
verse      Let     the   earth re -  vere  Him   And   its peo  -  ples
verse      Blessed with  His   sal - va -  tion  Is    His cho  -  sen
verse      He      knows ev -  ery   na -  tion; All   are His     cre -
verse      But     the   LORD  our   Sav - ior   Looks on  those   with
verse      So      we    hum - bly   pray  Thee, Let   Thy stead - fast

verse      bro - ken;  He    is    faith - ful   still.
verse      fear  Him.  God   spoke and     'twas done.
verse      na -  tion, For   He    is      their LORD.
verse      a  -  tion, And   their hearts  He    molds.
verse      fa -  vor   Who   His   mer  -  cy    trust.
verse      mer - cy,   LORD, up -  on      us    be,

verse      Right - eous - ness  He    treas - ures; Earth is
verse      He      set    all   cre - a   -   tion  Firm  on
verse      Freed   from   all   op -  pres -  sion, They  are
verse      'Tis    the    LORD  who   ev   -  er    Sees  all
verse      Yea,    though fam - ine   grieve  them, He    will
verse      And     in     love  de -  liv  -  er    Us,   Thy

verse      with   the    meas - ures   Of     His   good - ness  filled.
verse      its    foun - da  -  tion.  Praise Him,  ev  -  ery - one!
verse      His    pos -  ses -  sion.  Let    Him   be     a  -  dored!
verse      their  en  -  deav - or;    He     their works  be -  holds.
verse      nev -  er     leave  them   Prey   to    death  and   dust.
verse      flock, for -  ev  -  er,    As     we    hope   in    Thee.