title      He Who in Evil Does Rejoice
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       66
author     W, van der Kamp, 1972

status     header  tune  double  checked  lyrics

import     tunes/DU MALIN LE MESCHANT VOULIOR         QUE DIEU SE MONSTRE SEULEMENT

verse      He     who    in   e   -   vil     does  re -  joice Hears  in   his
verse      Thy    love   and  faith - ful  -  ness  ex -  tend  Wher - ev - er
verse      Life's foun - tain is,     O       LORD, with  Thee, And    in   Thy

verse      heart a   wick - ed   voice; It  whis -  pers and    it  flat -  ters.
verse      Thou  to  heav - en's end    Thy right - eous scep - ter wield - est.
verse      light the light  we   see;   Let right   and  mer -  cy  tar  -  ry

verse      It   lures  him  on,  and he      o -  beys  Till from  Thy
verse      Thy  judg - ment is   a   se   -  cret deep, Thy  jus - tice
verse      With them   who  fear Thy faith - ful  Name; Put  Thou  the

verse      fear, O     LORD   he    strays And him Thy   an   -  ger   shat  -  ters.
verse      like  God's moun - tains steep, And man and   beast   Thou  shield - est.
verse      en -  e  -  mies   to    shame, Let all their schemes mis - car   -  ry.

verse      His  words are   lies, his wis -  dom  gone; All his trans -
verse      Of   Thy   great mer - cy  heav - en   sings For in  the
verse      Save Thou  me    for   Thy mer -  cy's sake, Let not the

verse      gres - sions urge him   on,   He  does their will  with  pleas - ure.
verse      shad - ow    of   Thy   wings No  son  of    man   shall per  -  ish.
verse      proud  me    o -  ver - take, Nor from Thy   cov - 'nant sev  -  er.

verse      Up - on    his  bed    he   plans  de - ceit, On   ways   of
verse      Thou shalt them to     Thy  feasts in - vite, They drink  from
verse      O    peo - ple, praise your God    and  see   The  work - ers

verse      sin     he   sets his  feet,  His e  -  vil   is   his   treas - ure.
verse      streams of   Thy  de - light, Thy pre - cious love they  cher -  ish.
verse      of      in - iq - ui - ty     Who are   cast  down for - ev   -  er!