title      Let All the Earth With Loud Rejoicing
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       94
author     William Helder, 1980

status     header  tune  double  checked  lyrics

import     tunes/RENDEZ A DIEU       OR SUS, LOUEZ DIEU TOUT LE MONDE

verse      Let   all      the   earth  with  loud  re -  joic -  ing
verse      All   peo   -  ples, bow -  ing   down  be -  fore    Thee,
verse      His   strength to    Is  -  ra -  el    re -  veal -  ing,
verse      Come, bless    our   God    with  joy - ful - voic -  es;
verse      In -  to       the   net    Thou, God,  hast  brought us;
verse      Thy   ho   -   ly    tem -  ple   I     shall en   -  ter
verse      Come  and      be    to     my    words at -  ten  -  tive,
verse      If    I        had   cher - ished an -  y     e   -   vil,

verse      The  great - ness   of    our   God     ac -  claim.
verse      Sing prais - es     to    Thy   glo  -  rious Name;
verse      He   turned  the    sea   to    ar   -  id    land,
verse      All  na   -  tions, let   His   praise  re -  sound,
verse      Thou heav -  y      bur - dens  didst   im -  pose.
verse      And  there   my     thanks to   Thee    ex -  press.
verse      All  you     who    the    Al - might - y     fear.
verse      The  LORD    would  not    have heed -  ed    me.

verse      With shouts of    praise let    all     a -  dore   Him,
verse      To   Thee,  O     God,   they   all     pay  hom -  age,
verse      And  they   on    foot   passed through the  riv -  er;
verse      For  He     has   kept   our    feet    from stum - bling;
verse      Thou didst  let   men    up  -  on      us   tram - ple;
verse      I    shall  ful - fill   what   I       have prom - ised
verse      Let  me     de -  clare  how    He      has  helped me,
verse      I    know   that  God    in  -  deed    has  heard  me;

verse      Sing to    the  glo -  ry   of    His   Name.
verse      With hymns of   joy    de - clare Thy   fame.
verse      The  wa -  ters heed - ed   His   com - mand.
verse      In   Him   we   have   a    ref - uge   found.
verse      We   have  been hum -  bled by    our   foes.
verse      In   days  of   trou - ble  and   dis - tress.
verse      How  in    my   trou - bes  He    drew  near.
verse      He   has   at - tend - ed   to    my    plea.

verse      Let   all   then    say,    How  awe - in   -  spir - ing
verse      O     come  and     see     with rev - erent   won -  der
verse      We    sang  His     praise, in   Him   re  -   joic - ing
verse      Thy   peo - ple     Thou,   O    God,  hast    test - ed
verse      We    went  through fire,   we   went  through wa  -  ter,
verse      Burnt sac - ri   -  fic  -  es   I     shall   of  -  fer,
verse      I     cried to      God     in   my    af   -  flic - tion,
verse      For - ev -  er      blest   be   God,  my      Sav -  ior,

verse      Are  all     Thy   works, how   great  Thy  power;
verse      The  awe  -  some  deeds  which God    has  done,
verse      Who  by      His   might  rules with - out  end;
verse      As   ore     is    in     the   fur -  nace tried;
verse      Yet  Thou    didst show   Thy   power  and  grace.
verse      With choic - est   fat -  lings pay    my   vows.
verse      And  He      in    mer -  cy    heard  my   voice;
verse      Who  has     not   turned a  -  way    my   prayer,

verse      Be - fore    Thy   strength, O    God   al - might - y,
verse      His  might - y     works     a -  mong  the  na   -  tions,
verse      His  eyes    keep  watch     on   ev -  ery  na   -  tion.
verse      We   in      the   fire      of   Thy   re - fin  -  ing
verse      Thou hast    de -  liv   -   ered us,   Thy  peo  -  ple,
verse      With smoke   of    rams,     with goats and  bull  - ocks
verse      I    sang    His   praise    with ex -  ul - ta   -  tion.
verse      Nor  has    with - held      from me    His  mer  -  cy,

verse      Thy  en   -  e  -  mies   all  cringe and    cower.
verse      The  vic  -  to -  ries   His  hand   has    won.
verse      Let  reb  -  els   not    His  power  with - stand.
verse      Have been,   like  sil -  ver, pu  -  ri  -  fied.
verse      And  brought us    to     a    spa  - cious  place.
verse      I    shall   a  -  dore   Thee in     Thy    house.
verse      In   His     com - pas -  sion I      re  -  joice.
verse      His  nev  -  er -  fail - ing  love   and    care.