title      God Shall Arise and by His Might
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       100
author     W. W. J. VanOene, 1972

status     header  tune  double  checked  lyrics

import     tunes/DU MALIN LE MESCHANT VOULIOR         QUE DIEU SE MONSTRE SEULEMENT

verse      God    shall   a -  rise,    and   by      His    might     Put   all    His
verse      But    let     the  just     with  joy  -  ful    voice     In    God's  vic -
verse      The    Fa   -  ther to       the   fa   -  ther - less,     De -  fense  of
verse      When   through the  des  -   ert's sol  -  i   -  tude      Thou  to     Thy
verse      When   God     but  speaks   His   might - y      word,     Great is     the
verse      O      mount   of   Ba   -   shan, mas  -  sive   height,   Far   high - er
verse      With   might - y    char  -  iot - ry      un  -  told,     His   host   ten
verse      Blest  be      the  LORD,    who   on      our    way       Pro - vides  for
verse      The    LORD    has  said,    From  where   they   are,      Yes,  e   -  ven
verse      Thy    sol  -  emn  throngs  are   gath -  ered   here;     To    God,   my
verse      To     Thee    Thy  strength has   glo  -  ry     brought.  Show  now    Thy
verse      Praise God     and  mag   -  ni -  fy      His    worth,    O     kings  and

verse      en  -  e  -  mies   to     flight; In    con - quest shall   He   quell   them.
verse      to  -  rious might  re  -  joice;  Let   them  ex -  ult     be - fore    Him!
verse      wid -  ows   in     dis -  tress,  Is    in    His   hab  -  i -  ta   -  tion.
verse      peo -  ple's mul -  ti  -  tude    Didst show  a     path    to   trav  - el,
verse      host   whose shouts are    heard:  The   kings have  fled    like cat  -  tle!
verse      than   all   peaks  in     sight,  So    great and   el  -   e -  vat  -  ed!
verse      thou - sand  thou - sand - fold,   The   LORD  came  to      His  na   -  tion.
verse      us,    and   day    by     day     Up -  holds us    by      His  pow  -  er.
verse      though it    be     from   far,    From  Ba -  shan  I       will guide   them
verse      King,  do    they   draw   near.   They  come  with  sound - ing  cym  -  bals:
verse      might, Thou  who    hast   wrought For   us    so    great   a    treas - ure!
verse      king - doms  of     the    earth!  Un -  to    the   LORD    sing prais - es,

verse      Let  those  who    hate   Him,  scat - tered, flee   Be -  fore   His
verse      O    sing   to     God,   His   praise pro -  claim  And   raise  a
verse      He   in     the    good - ness  of     His    grace  Gives lone - ly
verse      The  rain   poured down,  the   earth  did    quake, Yes,  e   -  ven
verse      The  wom -  en     who    at    home   a   -  bide,  Yes,  e   -  ven
verse      O    you,   whose  tops   are   seen   from   far,   Whose peaks  so
verse      From Si  -  nai's  mount  He    made   His    way    To    Zi  -  on,
verse      God  of     Sal -  va  -  tion  is     His    Name;  This  glo -  rious
verse      And  bring  them   back   by    My     own    hand,  Re -  turn - ing
verse      The  sing - ers    first, the   min -  strels last;  And   in     a -
verse      Be - cause  of     Thy    great tem -  ple    here   Kings in     Je -
verse      To   Him    who    in     the   heav - ens    rides, Who   in     the

verse      glo - rious maj  -  es -  ty,     For    God    Him - self   shall  fell   them.
verse      psalm un -  to      His   Name;   In     joy -  ful   songs  a   -  dore   Him.
verse      ones  a     dwell - ing   place;  He     grants them  con -  so  -  la  -  tion.
verse      Si -  nai's base    did   shake   Be  -  fore   the   God    of     Is  -  rael.
verse      they  the   spoil   di -  vide,   Gained by     their men    in     bat -  tle.
verse      high  and   num  -  erous are,    So     glo -  rious and    e  -   lat -  ed!
verse      which He    made    for   aye     His    ho  -  ly    hab -  i  -   ta  -  tion.
verse      Name  shall we      pro - claim.  He     is     our   shield and    tow -  er.
verse      them  from  dis  -  tant  lands,  Though o   -  cean  depths should hide   them,
verse      mong  them, fil  -  ing   past,   The    maid - es    play   their  tim -  brels.
verse      ru -  sa -  lem     ap -  pear    With   boun - ties  in     great  meas - ure.
verse      an -  cient skies   re -  sides,  From   whence His   voice  He     rais - es.

verse      Just as     the   wind     drives smoke  a   -  way,   So    God   will
verse      Lift up     your  voice    and    sing   a   -  loud   To    Him   who
verse      He   leads  the   cap   -  tive   out    to     see    The   joys  of
verse      Rain in     a  -  bun   -  dance  Thou,  O      God,   Up -  on    Thy
verse      See  here   the   wealth   which  they   did    bring: Now   sil - ver
verse      Why  do     you   still    with   en  -  vy     look   At    Zi -  on's
verse      Thou didst, O     LORD,    as  -  cend   a   -  gain,  With  man - y
verse      Our  God,   the   LORD,    is     strong to     save   From  mor - tal
verse      That you    may   bathe    your   feet   in     blood  Of    those who
verse      In   this   great con   -  gre -  ga  -  tion's throng Bless all   the
verse      Re - buke   the   beasts   a   -  mong   the    reeds, Both  bulls and
verse      A -  scribe then  strength to     God    a   -  lone,  Whose glo - ry

verse      scat -  ter   the    ar  -  ray    Of    those  who    e   -    vil   cher -  ish.
verse      rides   up -  on     the    clouds High  in     the    spa   -  cious heav -  ens.
verse      new  -  found lib -  er  -  ty,    For   boun - teous  is       God's mer  -  cy.
verse      host    didst shed   a   -  broad, Thy   her -  i   -  tage     re -  viv  -  ing.
verse      decks   a     pi  -  geon's wings  And   glis - t'ning gold     its   feath - ers.
verse      mount,  which God    once   took   And   made   His    throne's lo -  ca   -  tion?
verse      cap  -  tives in     Thy    train  And   gifts  from   men      ob -  tain -  ing,
verse      dan  -  ger,  from   the    grave  And   ev  -  ery    cruel    op -  pres -  sion.
verse      bear    the   wrath  of     God    For   all    their  sin   -  ful   ac   -  tions;
verse      LORD    in    joy -  ful    song,  O     Ja  -  cob's  gen   -  er -  a   -   tion!
verse      calves, those filled with   greed, All   that   in     wars     take  pleas - ure.
verse      is      in    Is  -  rael   known, Whose might  is     in       the   heav -  ens.

verse      As   wax    that melts   be  -  fore    the    fire,  So,  van  - quished
verse      The  LORD,  that is      His    glo  -  rious  Name.  Sing un  -  to
verse      But  who    a -  gainst  Him    dare    re  -  bel    Most cer -  tain -
verse      Thy  flock  has  found   a      dwell - ing    there: Thou to    the
verse      Be - fore   the  LORD    the    kings   all    fled   As   snow   is
verse      God  has    de - sired   this   moun -  tain   fair   For  His    a -
verse      From e   -  ven  those   who    did     re  -  vel,   That here   the
verse      But  God    will crush   the    head    of     foes,  The  hair - y
verse      In   blood  of   foes,   whom   none    can    save,  Your dogs   their
verse      See, Ben -  ja - min,    though least,  leads  on     The  chiefs of
verse      Let  bronze be   brought from   E   -   gypt's land;  To   God    let
verse      He   from   His  tem  -  ple    ter  -  ror    sows,  But  on     His

verse      by    God's dread -  ful   ire,    Shall   all    the   wick -  ed      per   -  ish.
verse      Him   with  loud     ac -  claim;  To      Him    be    glo  -  ry      giv   -  en.
verse      ly -  with  fam  -   ine   dwell:  Their   land   is    dry     and     thirst - y.
verse      poor  didst show     Thy   care,   For     all    their needs   pro  -  vid   -  ing.
verse      on    Mount Zal  -   mon   spread  By      blasts of    storm - y       weath -  er.
verse      bode, and   al   -   ways  there   Will    have   His   hab  -  i   -   ta   -   tion.
verse      LORD  our   God      may   dwell,  Here    ev  -  er -  more    re   -  main  -  ing.
verse      crown of    him      who   goes    In      ways   of    foul    trans - gres  -  sion.
verse      ea -  ger   tongues  will  lave    Un  -   to     their sat  -  is   -  fac   -  tion.
verse      Judah and   Zeb   -  u  -  lun     And     Naph - ta -  li's    whole   na   -   tion.
verse      E  -  thi - o   -    pia's hand    Stretch out    to    give    its     treas -  ure.
verse      peo - ple   strength be -  stows.  To      God    let   praise  be      giv   -  en.