title      How Lovely, Lord of Hosts, to Me
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       120
author     "The Book of Psalms for Singing", 1973
psalm      84

import     tunes/MELITA

status     header  tune  double  checked  lyrics

verse      How   love - ly, Lord  of   hosts,   to  me        The  tab -  er -  nac  -  les
verse      The   spar - row has   her  place    of  rest;     The  swal - low   through Thy
verse      Blest they   who in    Thy  house    a - bide,     To   Thee   they  ev   -  er
verse      Ad -  vanc - ing still from strength to  strength, They go     where oth  -  er
verse      Look  Thou,  O   God,  up - on       our Shield;   The  face   of    Thine   A -
verse      For   God    the LORD  is   shield   and sun;      The  LORD   will  grace   and

verse      of      Thy   grace;   O     how   I      long, yes,   faint    to    see    Je -
verse      kind -  ly    care,    Has   found where  she   may    build    her   nest   And
verse      ren  -  der   praise.  Blest they  who    in    Thy    strength con - fide,  And
verse      pil  -  grims trod,    Till  each  to     Zi -  on     comes    at    length And
verse      noint - ed    see;     One   day   with - in    Thy    courts   will  yield  More
verse      glo  -  ry    give.    No    good  will   He    with - hold     from  one    Who

verse      ho  -  vah's courts, His   dwell - ing    place!  My    heart  and  flesh  with
verse      brood  her   young   in    safe -  ty     there.  Thine al  -  tars as     my
verse      in     whose heart   are   pil  -  grim's ways.   They  make   the  vale   of
verse      stands be -  fore    the   face    of     God.    LORD  God    of   hosts, my
verse      good   than  thou -  sands with -  out    Thee.   I'd   rath - er   stand  near
verse      does   up -  right - ly    walk    and    live.   O     LORD   of   hosts, how

verse      joy     draw  nigh    As   to      the   liv  -  ing  God    I    cry.
verse      rest    I     sing,   O    Lord    of    Hosts,  my   God,   my   King.
verse      tears   a     spring, With showers of    bless - ings cov -  er - ing.
verse      plead - ing   hear;   O    Ja   -  cob's God,    to   me     give ear.
verse      my      God's house   Than dwell   in    tents   of   wick - ed - ness.
verse      blest   is    he      Who  plac -  es    all     his  trust  in   Thee!