title      God of Vengeance, O Jehovah
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       124
author     The Book of Psalms for Singing, 1973

import     tunes/AUSTRIAN HYMN

status     header  tune  checked  lyrics

verse      God   of   venge - ance,  O      Je - o   -  vah,  God  of     venge - ance,
verse      They, Je - ho   -  vah,   crush  Your peo -  ple   And  Your   her  -  it -
verse      Who   the  ear     made,  does   He   hear   not?  Who  formed eyes,   does
verse      Give  him  rest    from   days   of   trou - ble,  Till the    wick -  ed
verse      Who   for  me      with - stands the  wick - ed?   Who  a   -  gainst  wrong
verse      Can   de - struc - tive   rul -  ers  join   You   And  by     law     dis -

verse      O      shine  forth!   Rise up,   O     You     Judge  of  Na   -  tions!  Ren - der
verse      age    dis -  tress;   They kill  so -  journ - er     and wid  -  ow,     Mur - der
verse      He     not    see?     Who  warns na -  tions,  does   He  smite   not?    Who   men
verse      be     o'er - thrown.  Our  LORD  will  not     leave  His peo  -  ple,    Will  a -
verse      pleads for    me?      If   the   LORD  were    not    my  help -  er,     Soon  my
verse      or  -  der    build?   They con - spire a   -   gainst the right - eous,   Sen - tence

verse      to      the   proud  their worth.   O    LORD, how      long shall the  wick  -  ed,
verse      they    the   fath - er -  less.    And  they  say,     Je - ho -  vah  sees     not;
verse      teach - es,   knows  He    not?     All  the   thoughts of   men   the  LORD     sees,
verse      ban  -  don   not    His   own.     When to    ev   -   'ry  ver - dict giv   -  en
verse      soul    would si  -  lent  be.      If   I     say,     My   foot  is   slip  -  ping!
verse      just    ones  to     be    killed.  But  the   LORD     is   still my   strong - hold;

verse      How   long  shall the  wick - ed   boast?  Ar   -  ro -  gant   the
verse      Ja -  cob's God   does not    have eyes.   Un   -  der - stand, O
verse      Knows that  but   a    breath are  they.   Blessed the   man    whom
verse      Jus - tice  shall come back   a -  gain,   Ev   -  'ry - one    whose
verse      LORD, Your  mer - cy   will   up - hold.   When    my    anx -  ious
verse      God,  my    Ref - uge, will   re - pay.    He'll   for   sin    wipe

verse      words    they   pour   out,  Ill   men  all,    a     taunt - ing  host.
verse      stu   -  pid    peo -  ple!  When, O    fools,  will  you     be   wise?
verse      You      chas - tise,  LORD, Whom  You  teach   to    know    Your Way.
verse      heart    is     up  -  right Will  see  right - eous  judg -  ment then.
verse      thoughts are    man -  y,    How   Your com  -  forts cheer   my   soul!
verse      out      the    wick - ed;   Then  the  LOrd    our   God     will slay.