title      Sing to the Lord, a New Voicing
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       136
author     Dewey Westra, 1931; rev.

import     tunes/RENDEZ A DIEU       OR SUS, LOUEZ DIEU TOUT LE MONDE

status     header  tune  checked  lyrics

verse      Sing to  the  LORD,   a     new   song voic - ing,
verse      He   has re - mem  -  bered all   His  mer -  cy,
verse      Join to  the  harp    your  glad  re - joic - ing;
verse      Let  all the  streams in    joy - ous  un  -  ion

verse      For might - y     won - ders He     has  done.
verse      His faith - ful - ness  to   Is  -  ra - el.
verse      A   psalm   of    ad -  o -  ra  -  tion sing,
verse      Now clap    their hands and  praise ac - cord,

verse      His  right  hand  and   His  arm   most  ho  -  ly
verse      The  ends   of    earth have seen  His   glo -  ry;
verse      With trum - pet   and   with cor - net   voic - ing
verse      The  moun - tains join  in   glad  com - mun -  ion

verse      The  vic - to - ry     for  Him  have won.
verse      In   vic - to - ry     did  He   ex - cel.
verse      Your joy - ful  praise to   God  the  King.
verse      And  leap  with joy    be - fore the  LORD.

verse      The LORD   dis - played His  just  sal - va  -  tion;
verse      Now make   a     joy -  ful  noise be -  fore   Him;
verse      Let o   -  ceans roar   with all   their full - ness,
verse      He  comes, He    comes  to   judge the   peo -  ples

verse      His vin  -  di  -  ca  -  tion He      has     shown,
verse      O   all     the    earth, His  prais - es      sing!
verse      The world   and    all    that dwell   there - in.
verse      In  right - eous - ness   and  eq   -  ui   -  ty;

verse      Re - veal - ing  to     the   hea - then na  -  tions
verse      With loud   ac - claim  let   all   a -  dore   Him
verse      Ac - claim  the  LORD's great power with bold - ness;
verse      He   will   re - deem   the   world from e   -  vil

verse      That judg -  ment is -  sues from   His   throne.
verse      And  let     the  joy - ful  an  -  thems ring!
verse      Ex - alt     Him  ev -  er   and    a  -  gain.
verse      And  right - eous shall His  judg - ment  be!