title      O Come With Thanks, God's Goodness Praising
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       154
author     William Helder, 1972

status     header  tune  checked  lyrics

import     tunes/RENDEZ A DIEU       OR SUS, LOUEZ DIEU TOUT LE MONDE

verse      O     come  with  thanks, God's good - ness prais - ing;
verse      I     cried to    God     in    my     af - flic -  tion;
verse      I     was   sur - round - ed    by     all  na   -  tions,
verse      Hear  in    the   dwell - ings  of     the  right - eous
verse      I'll  thank the   LORD;   now   let    me   en   -  ter.
verse      The   stone the   build - ers   had    re - ject -  ed
verse      Blest he    who   in      the   LORD's Name en   -  ters!
verse      Thou  art   my    God;    I     will   ex - tol     Thee.

verse      His   firm    and    stead - fast love    en  -  dures.
verse      He    an   -  swered me      and  set     me     free.
verse      But   I       sub -  dued    them in      His    Name;
verse      Their joy  -  ful    songs   of   vic  -  to  -  ry:
verse      Un -  lock    the    gates   of   right - eous - ness.
verse      Was   cho  -  sen    as      the  cor  -  ner -  stone.
verse      We    bless   you    from    the  house   of     God.
verse      Thou, might - y      LORD,   hast res  -  cued   me.

verse      Let  Is   -  rael   and      the  house of    Aa  -  ron
verse      The  LORD    Him -  self     is   my    pro - tec -  tion.
verse      And  though  they   swarmed  like bees  a  -  round  me,
verse      The  LORD's  right  hand     is   high  ex -  alt -  ed,
verse      The  right - eous   shall    here be    ad -  mit -  ted,
verse      This mar  -  velous act      most un -  ex -  pect - ed,
verse      He   is      our    strength and  our   sal - va  -  tion;
verse      For  Thy     un  -  fail  -  ing  love  and   mer -  cy

verse      Pro - claim  His   love for - ev  -  er     sure.
verse      What  can    a     man  then  do     to     me?
verse      I     beat   them  down like  thorns a   -  flame.
verse      The   LORD's right hand does  val -  iant - ly!
verse      For   this   in -  deed the   LORD's gate   is.
verse      The   do  -  ing   is   of    God    a  -   lone.
verse      The   LORD   has   shed His   light  a  -   broad.
verse      I     of  -  fer   now  my    thanks to     Thee.

verse      Let   all   who   come    to      Him   in    wor -  ship
verse      On    all   my    foes    I       look  in    tri -  umph;
verse      I     was   hard  pressed and     close to    fall - ing;
verse      I     shall not   die,    but     live, and   praise Him;
verse      I     thank Thee, LORD,   that    Thou  hast  heard  me
verse      This  is    the   day     the     LORD  cer - a   -  ted;
verse      Bind  fes - tal   of   -  f'rings to    the   al  -  tar;
verse      O     thank the   LORD    for     all   His   good - ness,

verse      Be   in    His   stead - fast   love   se  -  cure.
verse      With God   I     face    them   fear - less - ly.
verse      To   my    sup - port    the    LORD   then   came.
verse      In   song  His   deeds   my     theme  shall  be.
verse      And  res - cued  me      from   my     dis -  tress.
verse      Now  let   us    sing    with   joy -  ful    tones.
verse      With sac - ri -  fic  -  es     bring  Him    laud.
verse      For  most  com - pas  -  sion - ate    is     He.

verse      Come  to      the    LORD  with   your   thanks - giv  -  ing;
verse      I'll  put     no     con - fi  -  dence  in       princ - es;
verse      He    is      my     song  and    my     sal   -  va   -  tion;
verse      Al -  though  the    LORD  has    sore - ly       chas -  tened,
verse      Thou  hast    be  -  come, LORD,  my     sal   -  va   -  tion;
verse      Grant us      pros - per - i   -  ty,    we       pray    Thee;
verse      Shout forth   your   joy   with - in     His      tem  -  ple.
verse      His   stead - fast   grace and    lov -  ing   -  kind -  ness

verse      His  ev   -   er  -   last - ing  love  en - dures.
verse      The  LORD,    He      shall  my   ref - uge  be.
verse      His  strength is      ev  -  er - more  the  same.
verse      He   has      from    death  de - liv - ered me.
verse      All  those    who     seek   Thee wilt  Thou bless.
verse      O    LORD,    save    those  who  are   Thy  own.
verse      O    praise   the     LORD,  for  He    is   God.
verse      En - dure     through all    e -  ter - ni - ty.