title      How Bright These Glorious Spirits Shine!
hymnal     Cantus Christi
page       306
author     Scottish Psalter, 1929

import     tunes/PETERSHAM

status     header  tune  checked  lyrics

verse      How   bright these glo -  rious spir - its  shine!  Whence  all   their  white    ar - ray?
verse      Now   with   tri - umph - al    palms  they stand   Be   -  fore  the    throne   on   high,
verse      Hun - ger    and   thirst are   felt   no   more,   Nor     sun   with   scorch - ing  ray:
verse      At -  tend - ing   an  -  gels  shout  for  joy,    And     the   bright ar   -   mies sing;
verse      His   gra -  cious hand   shall wipe   the  tears   From    ev -  'ry    weep  -  ing  eye:
verse      I     am     the   First, and   I      the  Last,   Through end - less   years    the  same;

verse      How   came  they  to      the   bliss - ful  seats  Of    ev -  er - last -  ing   day?
verse      And   serve the   God     they  love    a -  midst  The   glo - ries of      the   sky.
verse      God   is    their sun,    whose cheer - ing  beams  Dif - fuse  e -  ter  -  nal   day.
verse      Mor - tals! be -  hold    the   sa   -  cred seat   Of    your  de - scend - ing   King!
verse      And   pains and   groans, and   griefs  and  fears, And   death it - self,   shall die.
verse      I     AM,   is    My      me -  mo   -  rial still, And   My    e -  ter  -  nal   name.

verse      Lo!  these  are   they    from suf - f'rings great    Who   came  to    realms  of    light,
verse      His  pres - ence  fills   each heart with    joy,     Tunes ev -  'ry   mouth   to    sing:
verse      The  Lamb,  which dwells  a -  midst the     throne,  Shall o'er  them  still   pre - side,
verse      The  God    of    glo  -  ry   down  to      men      Re -  moves His   bless'd a  -  bode;
verse      Be - hold,  I     change  all  hu -  man     things!  Saith He,   whose words   are   true;
verse      Ho,  ye     that  thirst! to   you   My      grace    Shall hid - den   streams dis - close,

verse      And  in     the  blood  of    Christ have washed  Those  robes that   shine  so    bright.
verse      By   day,   by   night, the   sa  -  cred courts  With   glad  ho  -  san -  nas   ring.
verse      Feed them   with nour - ish - ment   di - vine,   And    all   their  foot - steps guide.
verse      He   dwells with men;   His   peo -  ple  they,   And    He    His    peo -  ple's God.
verse      Lo!  what   was  old    is    pass'd a -  way,    And    all   things are    made  new!
verse      And  o   -  pen  full   the   sa  -  cred spring, Whence life  for -  ev  -  er    flows.